# Purchasing includes following processes

   # Maintain supplier information.
        *Navigation : Main>Suppliers>Supplier Information>Add/Update> Define supplier user (page).
                                                                    -----------------------------
        -Here admin and other authorised users can give existing users authority to add/update suppliers.
        -A user having such authority is called as 'Suppliers user'.
        -Need existing user id here to create a supplier user profile.
        
        *Navigation : same as above. page: Supplier User
        -Here multiple suppliers can be associated with one supplier user.
        
        # Navigation : same. page : Supplier.
        -Here we create new supplier.
        -Supplier ststus : Approved, Unapproved, Inactive,Archieved.
        -Classification : Attorney, Employee, HRMS, Supplier.
        -Persistence : 1] One Time - Only one voucher can be made , after payment, suppliers status becomes 'Inactive'.
                       2] Permanant : Any no vouchers can be made and to delete it you need to raise a request.
                       3] Regular : any no of vouchers and if no activity is made by supplier within certain period, system
                                    automatically make its status 'Archieved'.
                                    
        # CA EDD (California Employee Development Department) : According to the law of state of california, any contract
          with value greater than $600 should be file in EDD within 20days from its start and then any no of contract a 
          company can make and no need to file.
          SQR Process Involved : APY 2000
            The Employment Development Department (EDD) is part of the Labor and Workforce Development Agency of the 
            executive branch of the State of California. EDD offers a variety of services to millions of Californians 
            under the Job Service, Unemployment Insurance, Disability Insurance, Workforce Investment, and Labor Market 
            Information programs. As California's largest tax collection agency, EDD also handles the audit and collection 
            of payroll taxes and maintains employment records for more than 17 million California workers.

    
    Manage items.
    Manage requests for quotes.
    Manage vendor rebates.
    Manage requisitions.
    Change requisitions.
    Use commitment control.
    Administer purchase order contracts.
    Create purchase orders.
    Process purchase orders.
    Manage purchase order change orders.
    Manage purchase orders.
    Manage supplier returns.
    Manage receipts.
    Use procurement cards.
    Analyze procurement.
    Run reports.
    Use WorkCenters and Dashboards.
